SowmyaGowrishankarWiki.md, before:

### Week 4 (ending 10/21/2017):

This week I finalized the GOF pattern for the Actor module as State pattern. Class Diagram was drawn using Astah. I have tried to include as many attribute as I could think of and the basic important functions have also been added. The class diagram has been added to the respective issue in the Project's kanban takboard.

#### XP core value Simplicity

As we completed the analysis and the flow of the game, we designed the Class Diagram this week and I ensured that the designs were simple. Initially while designing the game we discussed about the various different patterns that can be considerd but while implementing we decided on 5 of the GOF patterns based on how each person's functionality can be covered.

### Week 3 (ending 10/07/2017):

This week, I finalized on the image to be used for the *Hero* of the game after discussing and confirming with the team members. I am currently working on deciding the design pattern, attributes and functions for the actor module.

#### XP core value Simplicity

At the beginning of this week, we had a meeting to decide the project module each team member has to work on. We discussed on the design patterns and how it had to be implemented for every module. Since, the design patterns have been distributed, the complexity of the whole project has been broken down and made simple to work on.

### Week 2 (ending 09/30/2017):

In the second week, we researched on the various options available in greenfoot and finalized the following:

1. The game layout
2. The various enemies/random objects that the *Hero* of the game will be playing against.
3. The number of levels in the game

I researched on the possibility of integrating a greenfoot with a motion sensor like Kinect, so that we could make the finished game playable using one if we have time left before deadline.

I am looking into the various actions that can be performed by the *Hero* of the game and have also, started reading on the various design patterns that the *Hero* and his related actions will fit into.

#### XP core value Simplicity

We are making sure that simple ideas are being implemented while making the design pattern for the various modules in the game. The different design patterns to be implemented are being distributed across the team keeping the complexity low. Keeping the time constraint we are ensuring that only the required features are being included and implemented.

### Week 1 (ending 09/23/2017):

In this week, I researched on the possibilities of deployment of a greenfoot game on a web server.

#### XP core value Simplicity

I and my teammates are discussing the project goal for building the game. We are yet to decide on the game and will most likely finalize one next week. We plan to progress towards the goal with simple steps defining small term goals which will consolidate and contribute to the final output. For our game we plan to construct a basic structure and choose the most applicable design for each action which is going to be performed.

Commit message:

Update the wiki entry for Week 5

SowmyaGowrishankarWiki.md, after:

### Week 5 (ending 10/28/2017):

This week, I started coding for the actor in both Levels 1 & 2. Various functionalities that were implemented were act, move and attack. The setter and the getter functions were also implemented. State Pattern has been implemented by creating two states for the actor class "Ironman".

#### XP core value Simplicity

As we have started to code the modules according to the finalized patterns, we discussed and made sure the code is simple and the functionalities implemented can be clearly understood by implementing each action in its own specific function.

### Week 4 (ending 10/21/2017):

This week I finalized the GOF pattern for the Actor module as State pattern. Class Diagram was drawn using Astah. I have tried to include as many attribute as I could think of and the basic important functions have also been added. The class diagram has been added to the respective issue in the Project's kanban takboard.

#### XP core value Simplicity

As we completed the analysis and the flow of the game, we designed the Class Diagram this week and I ensured that the designs were simple. Initially while designing the game we discussed about the various different patterns that can be considerd but while implementing we decided on 5 of the GOF patterns based on how each person's functionality can be covered.

### Week 3 (ending 10/07/2017):

This week, I finalized on the image to be used for the *Hero* of the game after discussing and confirming with the team members. I am currently working on deciding the design pattern, attributes and functions for the actor module.

#### XP core value Simplicity

At the beginning of this week, we had a meeting to decide the project module each team member has to work on. We discussed on the design patterns and how it had to be implemented for every module. Since, the design patterns have been distributed, the complexity of the whole project has been broken down and made simple to work on.

### Week 2 (ending 09/30/2017):

In the second week, we researched on the various options available in greenfoot and finalized the following:

1. The game layout
2. The various enemies/random objects that the *Hero* of the game will be playing against.
3. The number of levels in the game

I researched on the possibility of integrating a greenfoot with a motion sensor like Kinect, so that we could make the finished game playable using one if we have time left before deadline.

I am looking into the various actions that can be performed by the *Hero* of the game and have also, started reading on the various design patterns that the *Hero* and his related actions will fit into.

#### XP core value Simplicity

We are making sure that simple ideas are being implemented while making the design pattern for the various modules in the game. The different design patterns to be implemented are being distributed across the team keeping the complexity low. Keeping the time constraint we are ensuring that only the required features are being included and implemented.

### Week 1 (ending 09/23/2017):

In this week, I researched on the possibilities of deployment of a greenfoot game on a web server.

#### XP core value Simplicity

I and my teammates are discussing the project goal for building the game. We are yet to decide on the game and will most likely finalize one next week. We plan to progress towards the goal with simple steps defining small term goals which will consolidate and contribute to the final output. For our game we plan to construct a basic structure and choose the most applicable design for each action which is going to be performed.
