TeamWiki.md, before:

Welcome to the cmpe202-monstars wiki!

Team Wiki:

# Team Members:
1) Avni Gulati
2) Ishwarya Varadarajan
3) Rucha Apte
4) Sowmya Gowrishankar
5) Sowmya Viswanathan

CFD:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/axdb0n1svf1k1tg/CMPE%20202%20-%20Monstars%20CFD_Week%205.xlsx?dl=0

BurnDown Chart:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/dh3matde1nk06i1/CMPE%20202%20-%20Monstars%20Sprint%20Task%20Sheet.xlsx?dl=0

## Week 5 (10/28/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team has started coding their respective modules and added certain classes and methods in the game.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will continue coding the modules as per the design patterns decided in the prior weeks.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : The team did not face any issues during the week.

## Week 4 (10/21/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team has created class diagrams for the design patterns that were decided last week. 
2. What is the team going to do next week?: Team will start with the coding and enhancing what we have done till now.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : We had some difficulty in understanding each pattern and how to choose a pattern for the tasks in the game. Once the patterns were decided we were able to make the class diagrams.


## Week 3 (10/07/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team decided on most of the design patterns, classes and functions that would be used in the game.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will finalize all the design patterns and construct a UML diagram for the entire game.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : In Greenfoot, we had trouble in loading the code in editor.

## Week 2 (9/30/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team decided on the layout of the game to be developed. We finalized on the background, characters, enemies and destruction elements to be incorporated in the game.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will finalize design patterns that are to be implemented by each team member.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : The team did not face any challenges during the week.

## Week 1 (9/23/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do the past week? : The team researched and developed sample games in greenfoot, melonJs and unity 3D game engines. We decided that we would be using greenfoot for the project.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will finalize the game and the elements we would put in the game like type of actors and their abilities.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : Greenfoot libraries and melonJs boilerplate were difficult to understand at first.

Commit message:

Updated Week 6 Minutes of Meeting

TeamWiki.md, after:

Welcome to the cmpe202-monstars wiki!

Team Wiki:

# Team Members:
1) Avni Gulati
2) Ishwarya Varadarajan
3) Rucha Apte
4) Sowmya Gowrishankar
5) Sowmya Viswanathan

CFD:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/axdb0n1svf1k1tg/CMPE%20202%20-%20Monstars%20CFD_Week%205.xlsx?dl=0

BurnDown Chart:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/dh3matde1nk06i1/CMPE%20202%20-%20Monstars%20Sprint%20Task%20Sheet.xlsx?dl=0

## Week 6 (11/04/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team has mostly coded their respective modules in the game.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will integrate all the coding modules together in the next week. Also, each team member will complete their assigned individual project deliverables.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : Team did not face any challenges during this week.

## Week 5 (10/28/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team has started coding their respective modules and added certain classes and methods in the game.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will continue coding the modules as per the design patterns decided in the prior weeks.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : The team did not face any issues during the week.

## Week 4 (10/21/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team has created class diagrams for the design patterns that were decided last week. 
2. What is the team going to do next week?: Team will start with the coding and enhancing what we have done till now.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : We had some difficulty in understanding each pattern and how to choose a pattern for the tasks in the game. Once the patterns were decided we were able to make the class diagrams.


## Week 3 (10/07/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team decided on most of the design patterns, classes and functions that would be used in the game.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will finalize all the design patterns and construct a UML diagram for the entire game.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : In Greenfoot, we had trouble in loading the code in editor.

## Week 2 (9/30/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do in the past week? : The team decided on the layout of the game to be developed. We finalized on the background, characters, enemies and destruction elements to be incorporated in the game.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will finalize design patterns that are to be implemented by each team member.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : The team did not face any challenges during the week.

## Week 1 (9/23/2017): Minutes of the meeting

1. What did the team do the past week? : The team researched and developed sample games in greenfoot, melonJs and unity 3D game engines. We decided that we would be using greenfoot for the project.
2. What is the team going to do next week?: We will finalize the game and the elements we would put in the game like type of actors and their abilities.
3. What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? : Greenfoot libraries and melonJs boilerplate were difficult to understand at first.
